Readme onboarding notes (#5646)
kubernetes/community: sig-windows/README.md

Past meetings are in the [Recorded Meetings Playlist on Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL69nYSiGNLP2OH9InCcNkWNu2bl-gmIU4&jct=LZ9EIvD4DGrhr2h4r0ItaBmco7gTgw)

## Sig-Windows is Growing! 

> Sig-Windows is looking to build new commiters and owners, with the goal of eventually having new leaders and chairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SIG-Windows is looking to onboard new contributors and maintainers, with the goal of eventually having new leaders and chairs.
```

> Sig-Windows is looking to build new commiters and owners, with the goal of eventually having new leaders and chairs.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like some or all of us are looking for a replacements to give us an out.
I'm trying to think of how this could be reworded but don't have a great suggestion at the moment.

Author: ill soften the language that way we can iterate if we come up with something more realistic

Author: updated

If you are interested in this path, 

> - *First*, learn how to install, build, and run upstream Kubernetes bits with windows.  This might take a week or two as it is non-trivial, but understanding the upstream componentry, and contributing to it, is the first step to taking on a role as a new sig-windows contributor. and improving our documentation for others.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *First*, learn how to install, build, and run upstream Kubernetes bits with windows.  This might take a week or two as it is non-trivial, but understanding the upstream componentry, and contributing to it, is the first step to taking on a role as a new sig-windows contributor and improving our documentation for others.
```
